TT-12007 DX-1396 Update for Tyk Sync 1.5 release [Require Release Date On Release Notes Before Merging] (#4707)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-sync/sync-publish.md

---
date: 2017-03-23T13:19:38Z
title: Publish Command
description: "Learn about the usage and flags for tyk-sync publish command"
tags: [ "Tyk Sync", "GitOps" ]
---

> The tyk-sync `publish` command publishes API definitions, policies and templates from source in a file system or GitHub repository to Tyk Gateway or Dashboard. Unlike the `sync` command, `publish` will not update existing APIs, and if it detects a collision, the operation will stop. It allows you to publish new API configurations to the target Dashboard without deleting or updating existing resources.

Reviewer: Doesn't `publish` work with any git system? or does it only support github?

Author: ```suggestion
The tyk-sync `publish` command publishes API definitions, policies and templates from source in a file system or version control system to Tyk Gateway or Dashboard. Unlike the `sync` command, `publish` will not update existing APIs, and if it detects a collision, the operation will stop. It allows you to publish new API configurations to the target Dashboard without deleting or updating existing resources.
```

### Usage

```bash
tyk-sync publish [flags]
```

### Flags
#### Flags for specifying target Tyk installation:
* **`-d, --dashboard [DashboardUrl]`**: Specify the fully qualified URL of the Tyk Dashboard where configuration changes should be applied (optional).
* **`-g, --gateway [GatewayUrl]`**: Specify the fully qualified URL of the Tyk Gateway where configuration changes should be applied (optional).
* **`-s, --secret [Secret]`**: Your API secret for accessing Dashboard or Gateway API (optional).

{{< note success >}}
**Notes**

Either `-d, --dashboard` or `-g, --gateway` should be specified, but not both. This ensures that the command knows where to publish the changes -- to either the Tyk Dashboard or the Tyk Gateway. See [Getting started]({{<ref "product-stack/tyk-sync/installing-tyk-sync#specifying-target-tyk-installation">}}) for more information.
{{< /note >}}

#### Flags for specifying source [Git repository]({{<ref "product-stack/tyk-sync/installing-tyk-sync#working-with-git">}}) (Optional):

> * **`-b, --branch [BranchName]`**: Specify the branch of the GitHub repository to use. Defaults to `refs/heads/master` (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`-b, --branch [BranchName]`**: Specify the branch of the Git repository to use. Defaults to `refs/heads/master` (optional).
```
